[Tests-Only] run tests using middleware in CI (#5136)
owncloud/web: docs/testing.md

## Run tests

### Running the test middleware
- Running the tests will require the [owncloud test middleware](https://github.com/owncloud/owncloud-test-middleware). Run it using the instructions from [the documentation](https://github.com/owncloud/owncloud-test-middleware#starting-the-server)

  You can also use docker to start the owncloud test middleware. For that go to `tests/acceptance` and create a `test.env` file with correct values for different test configs. Now run the following command to start the middleware server and selenium server using docker.
  ```bash
  # If you are running tests on oc 10
  docker-compose up -d

  # If  you are running tests on ocis backend
  docker-compose -f ./docker-compose-ocis.yml up -d
  ```

>   Or you can run the test middleware directy using docker you can use the following command. Make sure to set the env variables accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Or you can run the test middleware directly. You can use the following docker command. Make sure to set the env variables accordingly.
```
